hello everyone once again we're in the
middle of games gone this time we're in
our ultimate favorite sports game FIFA
15 so mushy your huge phantom from
people i know that for a fact so what
what do you feel about this time what do
you feel about everything they added
from from from the new goalkeeper from
the emotion from especially from the new
Ultimate Team changes to what do you
think it's like the most exciting thing
to look forward for people 15 finally
for the first FIFA lectins fifa 10
finally we have player and personal
owner that we can play with which is
missing leavin this he was always in the
cover of fifa but finally finally
finally he feels like mr. he played like
missy and that's what they changed they
changed the player movement they made
them more realistic for so missy is
Missy Brammer vicious brown fish
cristianas Cristiano they move
differently in the field even their
special their special shots like a
Brahma bull the beautiful it's beautiful
it's beautiful they say that they
changed the AI for the gold fever but i
think they beat it was good and me for
just for the greenstone bat mean it is
look it's a debug it's the debug units
you know it's it's a test so i'm pretty
sure there's still time before the
release date you know hey there freezing
the game are so bad
for example like you might be just
standing there and a player will come
running to argue and eat you out of
nowhere just just hate you it's his
fault right no in FIFA it's all kissing
to be your fault because you were
standing that's the beauty that's the
beauty about a severe about football in
general you can't you can argue you
can't argue there's no replay like
tennis there's highly understand we can
argue but now we can argue if it's a
goal or not because they got the whole
life sitting for the Premier League the
role check so yeah they call tech so
they can say oh it's a goal no it's not
it's a goal so they will go with the
line and everything and check it out and
they added more legends this year so in
total we have around 50 legends and I'm
really excited to play as your verticals
I had the chance Panik closer to play
with Roberta call us hello man he's
amazing he said you can play us right
back oh oh you can play a show Michael
valderrama you can play with all these
legends I am meant to put them all
together like you have valderrama you
have played is it is they don't they
still didn't announce and maybe they're
gonna announce it later later later on
there's a lot of pledges that they
instilled in it that I would say only
announcer on its 1t legends so that adds
to the whole squadron we have around 13
in total 50 so I'm sure by the next
paper or baby we're gonna get this
special announcement just what like what
happened with people
we're going to be like tall then lay
down and other pledges world cup and
there's also there's also the new change
in the ultimate team which is you get
alone the laws that's pretty good that's
good but at the same time it will just
screw the whole market because if you
got for example missing in the package
and you want to sell them you gotta sell
them for 3 million 4 million coins and
now because you can loan misty and get
busy for cheap that will just ship the
whole market Kim and I don't know how it
will play with like in one week or two
weeks from the release but but for now
everyone is freaking out because the
loan is good and to give the player and
try them and I see a bit before you
spend all your admirers yeah but what is
still is it's just not as not as good as
winning the player in the back that's
that feeling when you get it like busy
in the back room although the background
is in the back or even one of the
legends is something else it's just like
winning the lottery and that's what
makes FIFA so special that's what makes
all the fans who stand behind paper
which is the ultimate team well that's
about everything we got for FIFA 15 and
hopefully people thing comes comes
really soon actually it comes next month
next month unless
and I think we're weird of 16 roughly
think about five weeks and then you'll
have fifa 15 coming on xbox one
playstation 4 playstation 3 xbox 360 and
a MPC so I'm til ya next gen mojet all
gents alright so until next time I'm
going to see personal barley gaming
from devils game and we'll see you next
time
FIFA 15 veal the game
Oh